In the summer of 2018, I attended COSMOS at UCSD for the cluster: Robot Inventors. Here I learned CAD techniques as well as better software practices and packages which let me apply my knowledge to make fully functioning robots. I created robots that could could drive using a remote, a robot that could drive independently by detecting color, a robot walk independently, and for my final project I created a robotic arm which could work with a remote. Because I designed and created the Robotic Arm from start to finish it is my personal favorite project out of all of these projects; however, my favorite project that was not my final project would probably be the Color Detection Driving Robot. The reason for this is that the robot could drive around any combination of a maze with color without my assistance. This was amazing to me since before this I always had to control my design-- in this case I made a robot that could work without me. 


In the future I plan to use this knowledge to make an autonomous robotic arm that works a camera which can grasp objects that are texted to it. For example, if I said "pick up the apple" it would detect the apple and pick it up. I would implement this using the techniques I learned from COSMOS and beyond. 


COSMOS was a great experience and I believe that it helped me learn not only more in the classroom but also how I could apply what I learned to the real world. I got my first true experience in a research based environment. Since then I have developed both my CADing skills as well as my coding skills and have extended to different languages, concepts, and packages.
